Navigate home Navigate up More options Done See all... Choose an application Share with Share with %s Search Search query Clear query Submit query Voice search c072d381-b589-4d5b-9405-b1544165820d MY DAY LOG MOTIVATE GOALS MORE More n/a Lose It! com.fitnow.loseit Version %1$s (%2$d) © 2008-2012 FitNow, Inc. All rights reserved. Fat Saturated Fat Carbohydrates Protein Sugars Fiber Cholesterol Sodium Fat Sat Fat Carbs Prot Sugar Fiber Chol Sod Warning "The food database has complete nutritional data for Carbohydrates, Fat, and Protein. however, some foods lack data for Fiber, Sugars, Cholesterol, Saturated Fats, or Sodium.

As a result, daily and weekly totals for these nutrients may not be accurate." OK Filter Previous Meals Add Multiple Foods Add multiple foods to the same meal. Add New Value Add a new goal Edit Time Enable Unit Conversion Allow different units when logging foods Enable Location Services Find nearby restaurants when logging Enable Passcode Lock Lock Lose It! after a period of inactivity unlimited Number of My Foods Lose It! %1$s Feedback Lose It! Premium %1$s Feedback Edit Foods  &  Exercises Food Updates Sync with Lose It! Lose It! Account Apps  &  Devices About Lose It! Premium Features Renew Premium FAQs License Agreement Send Feedback My Foods My Exercises Custom Foods Custom Exercises Recipes Nutrient Preferences FAVORITE ITEMS CUSTOM ITEMS MANAGE MY DATA MANAGE LOSE IT! MANAGE FOODS GENERAL Food Database Location Built-in Storage SD Card CONFIGURATION TERMS OF SERVICE Account Info Edit Profile Details Privacy Settings Shared Items CONNECTION Connection Status Disconnect Device Terms of Service Send Feedback Disconnect Device? "Once disconnected, this device will no longer send data to Lose It! Are you sure you'd like to disconnect?" Disconnect Device Cancel Create Free Account I Already Have An Account Connecting device Restoring data Backing up data Activating user account Creating account Set up your free Lose It! account for even more features Create a free Lose It! account to backup your data and get access to powerful new features that supercharge your weight loss. Creating an account does not share your data with anyone without your explicit permission. By clicking Create Account you confirm that you agree to the  < a href=\"http://www.loseit.com/m/terms.jsp\">terms of service < /a> "Did you know there is a setting to make adding multiple foods to the same meal faster?  < a href=''>Tap to change the setting < /a>." Email Address Password Confirm Password Next Unexpected Error An unexpected error occurred. Please try again. I did not log food or exercise yet today "I was " " calories under my daily budget" " calories over my daily budget" " calorie under my daily budget" " calorie over my daily budget" I was at my calorie budget "I can eat " " more calorie today" " more calories today" "I am " " calories over my daily budget" " calorie over my daily budget" calories over budget calories under budget I have not logged food and exercise on this day I will be at my budget on this day I will be Daily calorie budget Food calories consumed Food calories planned Exercise calories burned Exercise calories planned Net calories so far today Net planned calories today Budget I am successfully maintaining my weight I am above my maintenance weight Connection Required "This feature requires an internet connection. Please be sure that you're connected and try again." Incorrect Username or Password The username or password that is being used to connect Lose It! is not correct. Please check your credentials and try again. "Record Today's Weight" My Weight Today (lbs) Weight Pounds lbs Record Weight Weight Previously logged values "Please enter your current " "Have a goal " " of the specified value" "My goal is a " " of " " or less. " "My current " " is" inches "Please enter a " " between 0 and 1,000." How do I measure my hips? With your feet together, measure around the widest / fullest part of your hips. Be sure to keep the measuring tape parallel to the ground. hip size Hip Size Record Hips Size How do I measure my thigh? Measure around the fullest part of your thigh, from front to back and then around to the front. thigh size Thigh Size Record Thigh Size How do I measure my chest? Measure around the fullest part of your chest under your armpits and around your back. chest size Chest Size Record Chest Size How do I measure my biceps? Wrap the measuring tape around your bicep area and then after flexing your bicep adjust the position of the tape to be around the highest point. bicep size Bicep Size Record Bicep Size How do I measure my neck? "Measure around the base of your neck (below your Adam's apple). Keep the tape level with the floor." neck size Neck Size Record Neck Size How do I measure my waist? "Measure around your waist at your smallest point. If you don't have a smallest point, just measure at your navel." waist size Waist Size Record Waist Size How much sleep should I be getting? "Getting a good night's sleep has been associated with a reduction in the hormones that may underly cravings as well as an increase in the hormones that help us feel satiated. 
Each person is different, but the National Sleep Foundation recommends that adults get between 7 and 9 hours of sleep each night." Get a healthy amount of sleep each night Sleep Hours Sleep Hours "My goal is to sleep at least " " each night." Please enter hours of sleep between 0 and 24 My last recorded hours of sleep is hours hrs last night 2 nights ago "Record Last Night's Sleep" What should my blood glucose goal be? "A healthy range for blood glucose depends on your specific profile, when you measure your blood glucose level, as well as how you measure your blood glucose. 
Please consult a physician or other professional to help determine a blood glucose range that is appropriate for you." Maintain your blood sugar within this range (mg/dl) Blood Glucose "My goal is to maintain my blood sugar level between " mg/dl. Please enter a blood glucose value between 0 and 2000 My current blood sugar level is mg/dl Record Blood Glucose How much sodium should I be eating? "USDA dietary guidelines currently recommend that adults in general should consume no more than 2,300 milligrams of sodium each day. If you are over 40 years old, are African American, or have high blood pressure it is recommended that you consume no more than 1,500 milligrams of sodium each day.
As always consult a physician before beginning a weight loss plan or setting your sodium goal." Consume less than a number of milligrams of sodium each day. Sodium "My goal is to consume less than " " mg of sodium each day." Please enter a sodium milligram weight between 0 and 10000 My current amount of sodium is milligrams mg How many minutes should I exercise each week? "The USDA has released of a set of general exercise guidelines that outline how much exercise individuals should be getting to achieve their fitness goals. They recommend the following levels:
- at least 30 minutes per day to reduce risk of chronic disease 
- at least 60 minutes per day to maintain your body weight
- at least 90 minutes per day to promote weight loss 
Keep in mind that this physical activity can include many of your daily activities such as yardwork, cleaning the house, walking the dog, or other activities!" Exercise more than a specified number of minutes each week Exercise Minutes Exercise Min "My goal is to exercise at least " " each week." Please enter a number of minutes between 0 and 100,000. My current exercise time is minutes min How much fiber should I be eating? "Beyond its health benefits, Fiber may also help specifically with weight loss as high fiber foods tend to be energy dense, tend to help you feel full longer, and tend to require additional chewing, which gives your body time to register the feeling of fullness. 
The USDA recommends that you eat 14 grams of Fiber for each 1,000 calories that you eat each day. We've used this formula to calculate the above goal." Consume a minimum number of grams of fiber each day. Fiber "My goal is to consume at least " g of fiber each day. Please enter a fiber gram weight between 0 and 1000 My current amount of fiber is grams each day g How many steps should I choose as my goal? "The surgeon general recommends aiming for 10,000 steps each day. The best way to choose your initial goal, however, is to find an achievable goal based upon your current number of steps and increase that goal as your fitness improves. A simple
way to start is to target 500 additional steps each day over however many steps you are currently taking." Take more than a specified number of steps each day Steps steps each day steps Please enter a number of steps between 0 and 100,000. "My starting number of steps is " My current number of steps is steps "My goal is to take at least " " steps each day." Record Steps How many calories should I burn exercising each week? "The USDA has released of a set of general exercise guidelines that outline how much exercise individuals should be getting to achieve their fitness goals. They recommend the following levels:
- at least 30 minutes per day to reduce risk of chronic disease 
- at least 60 minutes per day to maintain your body weight
- at least 90 minutes per day to promote weight loss 

Keep in mind that this physical activity can include many of your daily activities such as yardwork, cleaning the house, walking the dog, or other activities!

The precise amount of calories you should burn will vary based upon your weight, activity intensity, and other factors. The above value represents our suggestion based upon your profile." Burn more than a specified number of calories exercising each week. Exercise Calories Exercise Cal "My goal is to burn at least " " exercising each week." Please enter a number of calories between 0 and 100,000. This week I have burned calories cals "Maintain the % of your daily calories coming from " " in the specified range." "My goal is for between " " of my calories to come from " "My current " " percent is" percent of daily calories " of today's calories" "of yesterday's calories" "of calories on " " and " Sugar Consume fewer than a specified number of grams of sugar each day. grams each day g Please enter a sugar gram weight between 0 and 1000 My current amount of sugar is "My goal is to consume at most " g of sugar each day. How much sugar should I be eating? The amount of sugars that should be consumed each day varies based upon your profile, health conditions, and other factors. Please consult a physician or medical professional to find the correct sugar goal for you. Carbohydrates(g) Consume fewer than a specified number of grams of carbs each day. grams each day g Please enter a carb gram weight between 0 and 1000 My current amount of carbs is "My goal is to consume at most " g of carbs each day. How many grams of carbs should I be eating? The USDA Dietary Guidelines document recommends at least 130g of carbohydrates each day. Protein(g) Consume more than a specified number of grams of protein each day. grams each day g Please enter a protein gram weight between 0 and 1000 My current amount of protein is "My goal is to consume at least " g of protein each day. How many grams of protein should I be eating? The USDA Dietary Guidelines document recommends eating at least 56g of protein for men and 46g of protein for women per day. Please enter a percent between 0 and 100 What percent of my daily calories should come from fat? "The USDA Dietary Reference Intake recommends that between 20 and 35 percent of each day's calories from fat. The percent that is right for you depends upon many factors including whether your physician or nutritionist recommends a different amount, whether you are following a specific diet, or other factors." Fats What percent of my daily calories should come from protein? "The USDA Dietary Reference Intake recommends that between 10 and 35 percent of each day's calories from protein. The percent that is right for you depends upon many factors including whether your physician or nutritionist recommends a different amount, whether you are following a specific diet, or other factors." Protein What percent of my daily calories should come from carbohydrates? "The USDA Dietary Reference Intake recommends that between 45 and 65 percent of each day's calories from carbohydrates. The percent that is right for you depends upon many factors including whether your physician or nutritionist recommends a different amount, whether you are following a specific diet, or other factors." Carbohydrates Carbs Weights that are validated by external sources for monitoring purposes Validated Weight "My goal is to have a body weight of " "My starting weight is " "My current weight is " lbs. What should my blood pressure goal be? "A systolic blood pressure between 90 and 120 mmHG and a diastolic blood pressure between 60 and 80 mmHg is considered desirable.

Please consult a physician or other professional to help determine a blood pressure range that is appropriate for you." Maintain your blood pressure below the specified values. Blood Pressure "My goal is to maintain my blood pressure below " Please enter a blood pressure value between 0 and 2000 "My starting blood pressure is " My current blood pressure is mm Hg systolic diastolic Record Blood Pressure What is a good body fat percent goal? "An American Journal of Clinical Nutrition study in 2000 documented the body fat percentage that typically corresponds to various BMI levels. Using this formula in combination with your profile, we're able to recommend a body fat percentage that corresponds to a BMI of between 18.5 and 25 (which is considered the 'Normal' range).

Depending upon your exact profile or the recommendation of a physician or other professional, you may choose a value that represents a better goal for you." Maintain your body fat within the goal range. Body Fat "My goal is a body fat percent of " " or less." Please enter a body fat percent between 0 and 100 "My starting body fat is " My current body fat is percent Record Body Fat Body Mass Index Have a body mass index of the specified value Please enter a BMI between 0 and 100 My current BMI is "My starting BMI is " "My goal is a BMI of " "Body mass index is one way to tell whether you are at a healthy weight. It measures your weight in relation to your height, and is closely associated with measures of body fat. The higher the BMI, the greater the risk of developing health problems.
BMI is one of the tools that Healthcare providers use to assess a person's risk of developing diabetes, heart disease, or other health problems. 
The BMI goal we've recommended for you is calculated based on your height and current weight loss goal in Lose It!" How many ounces should I choose as my goal? The Food and Nutrition Board recommendation for minimum water intake through fluids (drinking water and beverages) is 74oz for women and 101oz for men. If you tend to get a lot of exercise, you may want to consider aiming even higher to account for your higher hydration needs. Please note that water consumed through food will not be counted towards this goal. Drink more than a specified amount of fluids each day. Hydration Goal Hydration "My goal is to drink at least " ounces Please enter a number of ounces between 0 and 1,000. "My starting hydration is " Today I have consumed ounces of liquid ounces Body Hydration Maintain my body hydration within this range. "My goal is to maintain my body hydration between " "My starting body hydration is " "My current body hydration is " percent "Body hydration indicates the amount of fluids you have in your body. Individuals with more body fat have proportionately less total body water and are more susceptible to fluid imbalances that cause dehydration.
  
 We've recommended a goal range based on the following table.
  
 Age\u0009Female\u0009Male
 17–39\u000950%\u000960% 
 40–59\u000947%\u000955%
 60+\u000945%\u000950% 
 
 Consult with your physician to determine the appropriate hydration level for your body. 

 Percentages extracted from Dialysis  &  Transplantation, © 2001; Sports Nutrition For Young Adults: Hydration; Crystal Springs: Hydration Information; The National Women’s Health Information Center: 4woman.gov" What is a good PreDX goal? A PreDx Diabetes Risk Score less than 4 is considered a low 5-year risk of progression to type 2 diabetes. To learn how to get your score, please visit http://www.predxdiabetes.com. Please consult a physician or other professional to help determine a PreDx Score goal that is appropriate for you. My goal is a PreDx score below PreDx Score "My goal is a PreDx Diabetes Risk Score below " Please enter a PreDx Score between 0 and 20 My PreDx Diabetes Risk Score is My PreDx Diabetes Risk Score is Record PreDx Score today "Today's Value" "Goal " yesterday "on " "as today's average" "as yesterday's average" "as daily average on " "since " " each day." Starting Date Please enter the new starting date for this goal. Delete Goal Are you sure you want to delete this goal? What should my goal be? My goal weight is %1$s lbs My plan is to lose %1$s per week Goals My daily calorie budget is  < b>%1$s < /b> calories My plan is to maintain my weight GOAL CHART GOAL Food Exercise Net Under Over No foods or exercises have been recorded yet today. Add Done Subtract I have not logged any food or exercise this week I did not log food and exercise during this week I have not logged food and exercise during this week "Prior to today I'm " "I was " "I will be " " calories under budget for the week" " calories over budget for the week" " at my calorie budget for the week" Today Yesterday Nutrients Add Food Add Exercise Week of %1$s Week of %1$s (daily avg) Week of Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun %1$s wks ago Last week Breakfast Lunch Dinner Snacks Add Entry To Log Browse Exercises My Exercises No matching brand name foods are available. No matching exercises are available. No custom exercises entered. No custom foods entered. No recipes entered. No previously entered exercises are available. No previously entered foods are available. No previously entered recipes are available. No previously entered meals are available. No matching nutrients are available. Cancel No items at this time. hours hour mins min %1$s calories burned filter results No matching results found Previous Meals Brand Name Foods Nearby Restaurants Find Nearby Restaurants Loading Nearby Restaurants No Nearby Restaurants Found Enable Location Services Do you want to Enable Location Services on this device to find nearby restaurants? Exercise Add Food Breakfast Lunch Dinner Snack Save Food Edit Exercise Save Calories Total Fat Sat. Fat Cholest. Sodium Carb. Carbs Carbohydrates Fiber Sugars Protein Fat g mg Installing and indexing food data. This should take less than a minute... Brand Name Foods Supermarket Foods Restaurant Foods Custom Exercises Search Foods Scan Barcode No foods found Searching... Select Meal Confirm Delete "Are you sure you'd like to delete this entry from your log?" "Are you sure you'd like to delete these entries from your log?" Delete I Agree I Have an Account "I'm a New User" Existing User Show More Results... Please enter your goal weight Goal Weight Please enter your starting weight Starting Weight Starting Value Please enter your current weight Current Weight Male Female Gender Please enter your gender Please enter your height Height Birthday Please enter your birthday My Plan Choose your weight loss plan feet inches inch Maintain current weight Lose ½ lb per week Lose 1 lb per week Lose 1½ lb per week Lose 2 lbs per week Your daily calorie budget is %1$s This plan will enable you to achieve your goal by %1$s Welcome to Lose It! Congratulations! NOTE: You should consult a physician prior to beginning or modifying any weight loss program. Lose It! should not be used by pregnant women or individuals under age 18. The following account information will be used when this device connects to Lose It! If you are an existing user, please enter your email address and password Forgot your password? NOTE: The NIH recommends a minimum daily calorie intake of 1200 calories for women. Consult a physician prior to beginning or modifying any weight loss program. Lose It! should not be used by pregnant women or individuals under age 18. NOTE: The NIH recommends a minimum daily calorie intake of 1500 calories for men. Consult a physician prior to beginning or modifying any weight loss program. Starting Weight Current Weight Goal Weight Edit Program My Plan Calorie Budget Are you sure you would like to delete these items? Are you sure you would like to delete this item? Are you sure you would like to remove these items? Are you sure you would like to remove this item? Confirm Remove Remove Estimated Calorie Budget Adjustment My Calorie Budget Your estimated daily calorie budget is calculated based on age, height, weight, and gender. It is intended to produce the caloric deficit required to meet your plan. You may wish to adjust your daily calorie budget if your metabolism and/or occupational activity level is higher or lower than average. More on estimated budget... More on adjustments... None Create Account Create Missing Required Fields Both your email address and password are required. Please correct the error and try again. Passwords Do Not Match The passwords that you entered do not match. Please correct the mismatch and try again. Password Too Short The password for your account must be at least 6 characters. Please correct the error and try again. Account Already Exists There is already a Lose It! account for this email address. Invalid Address The email address that you entered is not a valid email address. An Error Occurred An unexpected error occurred. Please try again. An error occurred while processing your upgrade. Please contact Lose It! at support@loseit.com. An error occurred while trying to contact the Google Play store. Please try again later. Error Code: Verifying Purchase Restore data from Lose It! Backup data from this device You have data available on Lose It! "In order to connect this device to Lose It!, you need to choose whether you'd like to use the data that is already on Lose It! or the data that on this device." Confirm Backup Using the data from this device will overwrite all of your data on Lose It! with the data from this device. Overwrite Confirm Restore Using the data from Lose It! will overwrite all of your data on this device with your data from Lose It! Network Unavailable You are not current connected to a network. Please connect to a network and try again. Finish Invalid Credentials "Your Lose It! email address or password isn't correct. Please correct the email address and password and sign in to continue." Device Disconnected This device has been disconnected from Lose It! "A large amount of your data on Lose It! has changed since you last connected. 

In order for this device to sync properly, you need to reconnect it to Lose It! Please proceed to More > Configure Lose It! and reconnect this device to re-enable syncing. 

" Congratulations! "This device is now connected to Lose It! All of your food and exercise data will now be automatically sent to Lose It!

Login to http://www.loseit.com to view detailed reports, check in on your friends, edit your profile and much more." Set up your free Lose It! account for even more features Create a free Lose It! account to backup your data and get access to powerful new features that supercharge your weight loss. Creating an account does not share your data with anyone without your explicit permission. Simplify logging- share your custom foods, exercises, and recipes with friends: "\u0009✓ Enter your item once and share it!
 \u0009✓ Share custom foods, recipes, and custom exercises 
 \u0009✓ Notification and approval for items that your friends share with you" To start sharing, create a free Lose It! account. Set up a free Lose It! account to receive automatic updates to your food database: "\u0009✓ Receive new foods and updates to existing foods
 \u0009✓ Food are optionally automatically synced in the background" To start receiving updates, create a free Lose It! account. Automatically update foods Last manual check Check for updates Checking for updates... Saving updates (%1$s)... Saving... Up to date Your food database is up to date. %1$s foods updated %1$s updates were applied to your food database. Fat (g) Saturated Fat (g) Carbohydrates (g) Protein (g) Sugars (g) Fiber (g) Cholesterol (mg) Sodium (mg) Optional Required Food Serving Food Icon Create Food Error Create Exercise Error Food names must be between 1 and 100 letters Serving size must be between 0 and 500 quantity Exercises must have minutes assoicated with them Custom food must have an icon from the list Custom exercises must have an icon from the list Calorie information is required and must be a number Nutrient must be a number New Custom Food Create Custom Food Create Custom Goal Food Name Brand Name Exercise Name Exercise Icon Exercise Minutes Recipe Name: Serving Size: Share Select Friends "Enter your friend's email address" If you friend is already a Lose It! user, be sure to use the address that they used to sign up for Lose It! Invite Friend Invite Friend Error You have already invited this user The email address given was not valid You cannot invite yourself to be a friend Invalid Credentials The email address or password that you entered is incorrect. Please correct the error and try again. Edit Account Search Weight Error Weight must be a number Goal Error Goal value must be a number Goal Details Start Details Weight Details Profile Details Plan Details You achieved your goal of losing %1$s pounds in just %2$s days. Proud? Share your success! Tap to continue Calories per serving Recipe Ingredients: Edit Recipe New Recipe Add Food Recipe Servings Custom Food Servings %1$s Servings Recipes Application Preferences Show only current meal in Prev. Meals Show %1$s foods in My Foods Never Food updates are available Change Profile Picture First Name Last Name Location Short Bio Edit Profile Loading... Unable to load the web page. Please make sure the URL is correct and try again. Privacy Settings Private Public Default Custom This uses custom privacy options that you have set up using Lose It! This shares some of your Lose It! information with your friends, but will keep your contact information private. This keeps all of your information (including that you are even using Lose It!) completely private. This makes your Lose It! profile information visible to anyone. Lose It! was unable to save your changes. Please make sure that you have a network connection and try again. Lose It! was unable to load the required data. Please make sure that you have a network connection and try again. This feature requires a network connection. Please check that you are connected to a network and try again. The credentials used to connect to Lose It! are not correct. Please correct your credentials and try again. Lose It! is currently not available. Please try again later. Uploading picture... Invalid quantity Please choose a quantity greater than zero. Invalid minutes Please choose a duration of greater than zero hours or minutes. Invalid weight Invalid Goal Value Please enter a valid weight to continue. Out of storage "There isn't enough room in this device's built-in storage for Lose It! to install the database used to keep your food and exercise activity.

Please remove applications or files to create additional space and try again." Out of storage "There isn't enough room in this device's built-in storage or SD card for Lose It! to install the database of foods and activities.

Please remove applications or files to create additional space and try again." Food data location "Lose It! includes a database of food and activity that allows to find and log your activity without a network connection. This database requires %1$s of space.

Would you like to install this data onto your SD card instead of your built-in storage?" SD Card Built-in Storage Food database not loaded "The database of foods and activities can't be loaded right now. This is most likely because the SD card that it was installed on is not available.

Some food and exercise logging options will be unavailable until the food database is available again." Copying food database and rebuilding indexes. This should take less than a minute... Confirm Move "Are you sure you'd like to move the food and exercise database?" Move "Don't Move" Looking up food... "Can't Find Food" "We couldn't find a food for this barcode. Please locate or create the food that should be associated with this barcode. 

Once you locate or create the food, it will be available to you and others for future scans." Correct food "If the food for the barcode that you scanned doesn't appear correct, please search for the food that should be associated with this barcode.

If the nutrients value appear incorrect, you can simply edit the values for this food." Search for Food Edit Nutrients Format Metadata Place a barcode inside the viewfinder rectangle to scan it. Time Type Sorry, the Android camera encountered a problem. You may need to restart the device. Barcode Error Barcode scanning requires an active network connection. Please check that you are connected to a network and try again. Invalid exercise name "The name of this exercise isn't valid. Please provide a name that isn't empty." Missing values You must provide an exercise name, icon, and minutes. Invalid minutes Please provide a value of at least 1 minute to continue. Invalid calories Please provide a value of at least 1 calorie to continue. Invalid call You called this activity incorrectly. Please try again. Added %1$s to Lose It! Error creating account "Your account couldn't be created right now.

Don't worry, Lose It! will still work normally and you can set up your Lose It! account later." Error saving settings "Your settings couldn't be saved right now.

You can edit your privacy settings in the 'More' section later." Free Edition Free+ Edition Premium Edition We hope Lose It! is helping you towards your goal. Would you mind helping us by taking a moment to rate it? We appreciate your support! Rate Lose It! Remind Me Later No, thanks "TODAY'S CALORIES" "THIS WEEK'S CALORIES" "TODAY'S NUTRIENTS" WEIGHT NEW CUSTOM GOAL CUSTOM GOALS NIKE+ FUELBAND BONUS FITBIT BONUS CHALLENGES JAWBONE UP BONUS Friends Activities Badges Challenges Groups My Profile Requests Privacy Email Reports Reminders Tap to view nutrient data "I've consumed " " of " My Day My Week Create Challenge Create Group Create Future date selected - planning meals / exercise Planned entries - tap icon on entry to accept Calorie bonus achieved! %1$s more NikeFuel to get calories Nike+ FuelBand Bonus Calorie bonus achieved! Burn %1$s more calories for bonus Jawbone Up Bonus Create Food Create Exercise Leave FAQ Invite Modify Lose It! - LifeFitness Workout Lose It! - LifeFitness Bike Workout Lose It! - LifeFitness Treadmill Workout Lose It! - LifeFitness Elliptical Workout Bike Treadmill Elliptical "I can eat " " more calories today" "I am " " calories over my daily budget" LifeFitness Disconnect This workout has not been saved. Would you like to save it? Upgrade! More Goals Take your weight loss to the next level with additional health and fitness goals for exercise, nutrients, sleep, steps, and many more. We integrate your goals with the rest of your Lose It! experience to make tracking even easier. Meal and Exercise Planning "Make yourself more accountable and save time by planning your meals and exercise. Log tomorrow's food and exercise today and simply check the items off as you stick to your plan. We'll even show planned calories in your My Day screen!" Connect to Apps  &  Devices Goal tracking is a snap with devices and apps from our partners. Seamlessly track your weight from a wireless scale, your steps from a connected pedometer, your runs from Runkeeper and many more! 1 year of Premium ($39.99) Upgrade Premium Features Renew Premium Scales Withings scale Fitbit Aria Exercise Apps Nike+ Runkeeper Blood pressure Withings BP Monitor Activity trackers Fitbit Ultra Fitbit One Fitbit Zip Nike Fuelband Edit Log Leave Edit Mode Delete Items More Goals "You can head over to the Goals tab and set up new goals ranging from exercise and nutrition goals to health goals. Just tap the button in the top left corner to set a new goal.

You can set up Reminders to help you track the new goals, just visit the Motivate tab." Apps  &  Devices "Connect your favorite applications or devices under the More tab. Just choose Apps  &  Devices. Not every application and device supports setup from a mobile device, so if you don't find what you're looking for, login at http://loseit.com and you'll have access to the complete list." Planning "Now you can plan your days meals and exercises in advance. Just navigate to the Log view and add food and exercise for a future day. The items you add will automatically be marked as 'planned'. To make planning and staying on track even easier, you can see these planned calories in your My Day view. As you actually eat the foods or do the exercises, just tap the icon in the Log view to mark the item as done." Challenges "You can now create your own challenges, including private challenges. Even better, if you've been invited to a private challenge with your friends or family, join in and start Losing It!" Groups You can also now create your own groups, including private groups. Private groups are a great way to keep in touch with a small set of friends or colleagues. Email Reports "Share your progress with another person or professional using our email reports. Go to the Motivate tab and tap the button in the top left. Choose Email Reports and set up a daily or weekly report- you can even choose whether you'd like to include a CSV of your data." < font color=#7F90A8>Get more out of Lose It! by upgrading to premium features  < /font> < font color=#3D5B84>Tap to learn more < /font> APPS GOALS PLANNING NikeFuel NikeFuel target Bonus achieved! < br> < font color=#000000>%1$s < /font> calories earned < font color=#000000>%1$s < /font> more NikeFuel to get calories Fitbit target Bonus achieved! < br> < font color=#000000>%1$s < /font> calories earned < font color=#000000>%1$s < /font> more calories to get bonus Jawbone Up target Enable Do Not Enable Touch to log in Lose It! Touch to log breakfast Touch to log lunch Touch to log dinner Logging Reminder Breakfast Reminder Lunch Reminder Dinner Reminder Lose It! Reminder Passcode Timeout Error Please enter a valid amount of time before Lose It! locks the screen. Passcode Error Please enter a valid 4-digit PIN. "The PINs you entered don't match." Enter Passcode Confirm Passcode Passcode Timeout (min) Incorrect PIN 1st Place On Track Not Upgrading? Help us improve Lose It! by letting us know why you decided not to upgrade. Just wanted more info Purchase process too difficult Missing a feature I want Too expensive Other Submit No Google Play Connection Lose It! is unable to connect to the Google Play Store. Either there is a connection problem or this device does not have the needed version of Google Play. Upgrade Error An error occurred trying to contact the Google Play servers. Please try again later. Note Notes Title Add Note Edit Note Delete Note Are you sure you want to delete this note? Empty Note Please enter some text into the note Press to search offline Wearing Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Congratulations from everyone at Lose It! on your stellar outcome! days logged exercise hours " additional items found" goal weight days to go lbs. lost lbs. gained "Already have an account?  " Log In. Welcome to Start Losing It! Track your food and exercise. Stay motivated. Achieve your weight loss goal. Set a Goal "Tell us about yourself and your weight loss goal. We'll create a plan that helps you achieve it!" Track Your Food and Exercise Features like barcode scanning, nearby restaurants and our comprehensive food and exercise database make tracking a breeze. Get Motivated Connect to friends, family, and the Lose It! community for the support and motivation you need, when you need it. Challenge Yourself Work toward a goal or compete against others with our individual and team challenges. Sign Up Delete Meal Are you sure you want to delete this entire meal? Saturated Fat Cholesterol Sodium Summary Recommended For You 100 250 500 Unlimited 100 250 500 5000 "I have gained  & lt;font color=#cc0000>%1$s & lt;/font> so far. I'll achieve my goal of losing  & lt;font color=#000000>%2$s & lt;/font> on  & lt;font color=#000000>%3$s & lt;/font>." "I have gained  & lt;font color=#cc0000>%1$s & lt;/font> so far. I'll achieve my goal of  & lt;font color=#000000>%2$s & lt;/font> on  & lt;font color=#000000>%3$s & lt;/font>." "I have lost  & lt;font color=#00ad44>%1$s & lt;/font> so far. I'll achieve my goal of losing  & lt;font color=#000000>%2$s & lt;/font> on  & lt;font color=#000000>%3$s & lt;/font>." "I have lost  & lt;font color=#00ad44>%1$s & lt;/font> so far. I'll achieve my goal of losing  & lt;font color=#000000>%2$s & lt;/font> on  & lt;font color=#000000>%3$s & lt;/font>." "I have gained %1$s so far. I'll achieve my goal of losing %2$s on %3$s." "I have gained %1$s so far. I'll achieve my goal of %2$s on %3$s." "I have lost %1$s so far. I'll achieve my goal of losing %2$s on %3$s." "I have lost %1$s so far. I'll achieve my goal of losing %2$s on %3$s." 