Bible Settings Hello world! Undo Undo All Vitamio Initializing decoders… Cannot play video Sorry, this video is not valid for streaming to this device. Sorry, this video cannot be played. OK Play/Pause OK Log Out Log In Logged in as: %1$s Logged in using Facebook Log Out Cancel Facebook Logo Log In… Logged In Not Logged In %1$s • %2$,d were here %1$s %1$,d were here Done Choose Friends Nearby Loading... AndroidManifest Error WebView login requires INTERNET permission Your Facebook account is locked. Please log into www.facebook.com to continue. Please log into this app again to reconnect your Facebook account. Your Facebook password has changed. Please log into this app again to reconnect your Facebook account. Please log into this app again to reconnect your Facebook account. This app doesn’t have permission to do this. To change permissions, try logging into the app again. UA-38522090-2 About Bible App is powered by YouVersion.com. Explore, learn and share with YouVersion, a free online Bible that allows you to associate web media (videos, photos, links and text) to any verse or passage. No ads, no cost. Account Exists "An account already exists with that email address, and you will be unable to sign up with Facebook.

Do you want to sign in instead?" Add a Note Add Reference Add your first note Add your first private note! Add your first public note! Additional Content I agree to the  Terms of Use  and  Privacy  for using YouVersion. All Books All All All notes from me All Sections All %1$s Versions Already downloaded. Your answer is private. Append Problem Signing In Problem signing into YouVersion.com Bad Server Response Bible Bible App "Bible (Today's Reading)" Book Books Bookmark Remove bookmark Removed bookmark Edit bookmark Bookmarks Browse Cancel Close No Stop download Submit Answer Submit Request Yes by %1$s Cancel Catch Me Up Categories Chapter That chapter is not available in this version. Please choose a different chapter or version. %1$s %2$s Check for new versions "We couldn't understand the response from the server. Usually this is caused by a WiFi login page interfering with the response. Check that you can browse the internet normally and try again later." Choose Book Select email application: Choose Language Choose Section Clear Search History Are you sure you want to clear your search history? Clear selection Clear your search history and start over from a blank slate. Close Community Confirm Are you sure you want to remove this connection? Congratulations! Contact Support Copy Copyright Copyright © Copyright © Could not load the book list. Please try again later. Sorry, the Bible App is unable to communicate with the server. Please check your data connection and/or try again. Create a free account with YouVersion.com Date MMM d, yyyy MM/dd/yyyy MMMM yyyy EEE, MMM d "MMM d, yyyy 'at' h:mm a" Day %1$s of %2$s (%3$s%%) Day %1$s of %2$s Delete Delete All This will delete all the downloaded versions from your device, but you will be able to download them again later if you want. Delete Bookmark %1$s Failed Deleting a note cannot be undone. Are you sure you want to delete this note? This will delete the downloaded version from your device, but if it is still available for download you can get it again later if you want. Devotional Content Discard Changes Your changes are not saved. Are you sure you want to discard them? Dismiss Donate "Don't have an account?" "Don't show this again" File download failed. Please try again later. Downloading… Downloading %1$s to your device. Draft Edit Set Up Your Account Manage your username and password Email address Save as Note "Hey, looks like you've got some notes, but haven't emailed them to yourself. If you leave now they will be lost." Email sent. "Some errors occured that require your attention: 

%1$s" Event Info Facebook Profile Facebook (%s) Failed to load widget. First Name "Bible app now connects with your account on the YouVersion website, so you can enjoy additional features like tracking the progress of your plan.

Would you like to set up your account now?" "You can now choose from multiple Bible plans, customize the length of the plan, and track your progress by checking off each day's reading. Also, your daily reading now syncs with YouVersion.com, so you can read at your desk or on the go." Did you mean %1$s? Forgot Password? Forgot Password An error occurred. If it continues to happen, please file a report via Help > Contact Support. Give Online Visit Facebook Go to YouVersion.com Falling a bit behind? Help Add your own notes Email address Enter a message Let us know what you think. Name How can we pray for you? Home Invalid Your note may have some invalid characters. Last Name Leave Like Live Live Event Live Event Search City, postal code, or group Loading… Location YouVersion is currently down for maintenance. Please try again later. YouVersion Is Down Make the Bible a part of your daily life. Manage Offline Versions Tap here to manage offline versions. Plan Details Settings Refresh Share "[Message:]
%1$s" Message is required. More versions… My Notes My My You need to be subscribed to at least one plan to use this widget. Next No No bookmarks saved. To save a bookmark, select one or more verses in the reader and long press. No plans found. No Connection Sorry, the Bible App is unable to communicate with the server. "You are not subscribed to any plans.

You can find new plans on the browse tab." "As you're reading the Bible, when you feel God's still, small voice speaking, you can quickly write those thoughts here." There are no versions downloaded to your device. No reading for today. There are no public notes related to these passages yet. You have no notes related to this passage. No results found. Adjust your search and try again. "No results found.

Tip: you can use voice search to navigate the Bible. For example, try saying: 
John 3." %s is not available offline. Not Signed In Not subscribed to this plan. Note This note cannot be shared. It is not publicly viewable. Note Content Note deleted. Are you sure to report this note for inappropriate content? Note saved. Notes Video Videos Tip: "Since you're signed in, your notes will be synced with your YouVersion.com profile." %1$s Days %1$s of %2$s OK Open in Reader Open in Reader with %1$s or Traditional Alphabetical Other Email Other Plans An error occurred. Please try again later. Password Reading plans help you read a little of the Bible each day, marking off passages for you when you complete them. We have plans about all kinds of things, and for different lengths, from just a few days to a whole year! Pick Reference Completed %1$s%% Plan length: Length Any 1 to 7 Days 1 Week to 1 Month 1 to 3 Months 3 to 6 Months 6 Months to 1 Year Over 1 Year Plans Please wait… "I don't want to vote!" Post to Your prayer request is private. Thank you for your prayer request. Connect with Facebook Tap here to connect your YouVersion account with Facebook. Connect with Twitter Tap here to connect your YouVersion account with Twitter. Dark text on a light background. Light text on a dark background. Low Light Navigation is always visible Navigation fades in/out when needed Auto Hide Navigation Show Verse Picker Do not show verse picker in Reader Show verse picker in Reader Optimized for left handed use Optimized for right handed use Navigation Study and translation notes will not be shown. Study and translation notes will be shown. Remove Facebook Connection Tap here to remove the Facebook connection to your YouVersion account. Remove Twitter Connection Tap here to remove the Twitter connection to your YouVersion account. Large Normal Small Set the reading font size. Text Size Very Large Very Small Private Profile Picture Public Publish Publish on… Publisher Publisher ([View Info]) Publisher Site Thank you for submitting an answer. Reader Reader Settings Font, size, show reading notes, etc. Font Set the reading font. Tap the title bar to browse books and versions. Day %1$s Day %1$s: %2$s of %3$s Plan Day Day %1$s Plans Read full chapter Recently Used Versions Related to %1$s Remove Formatting Remove Selected Report Resend Account Verification Results for  %1$s Save Save as Draft Save Note Now Saving… Saving bookmarks to YouVersion.com Schedule Scripture Note Search chapter verse Keyword or Reference Search history cleared. search Search Results Results for  %1$s Search references or recent search history. Searching… See Related Notes Select a Plan Select a book, chapter, and verse. Select References Send Settings Share "I'm using the Bible App by YouVersion.com. Download it now for your mobile device." Join me in reading %1$s: Today I am reading day %1$s of %2$s: Your message will be sent shortly. Type a message to share with your friends. Shift start and end dates. Last fully completed day becomes yesterday. Partially completed days still reflect unfinished selections. Show Notes Show Password Sign In Sign in failed. Sign In Required Sign in successful. You must be signed in to use this widget. Sign in to share with Facebook or Twitter. Sign Out Are you sure you want to sign out? Sign Up Signup Complete Sign up with Facebook Signed in as %1$s Signing in… Social Connections Start Plan You need to be signed in to your YouVersion account to start a plan. Starting download… Status Stop Plan Are you sure you want to stop this plan? It means you’ll lose all customization, and details about your progress. %1$s will be added. Study Note Support Website Sync Tip: " If you'd like to sync your notes with your YouVersion.com profile, simply [sign in]." Syncing... Syncing deleted bookmarks to YouVersion.com Contents Tip: Touch the header bar to view a list of books and chapters of the Bible. Tap here to cancel. Tap here to change your username and password. Tap here to create a new one. Tap here to get started. Tap here to see available plans. Tap here to sign in. Tap here to sign out. Tap here to try again. Tap to add references… "Thanks for signing up with Facebook!

Like our page and connect with the fantastic YouVersion community!" Thanks for your help. This note has rich formatting which cannot be directly edited. Would you like to remove the rich formatting or append to the existing note? This note will be published on %1$s. Title (optional) Welcome TIP: Keep your plan on track. Your daily reading syncs with YouVersion.com on any device. Today "Today's Readings" Tomorrow Translation Note \@%s Uh-Oh Undo Like Use Another App Username or email Username Before you can sign in with your new account, we need you to verify your email address. You should receive an email shortly with a link that will verify your account when you click it. Be sure to check your Junk or Spam folder. Verify Email Required Verse Verse bookmarked! Verse copied! %1$s %2$s:%3$s-%4$s %1$s %2$s:%3$s Verses bookmarked! Verses copied! Version View "View Today's Reading" Warning! "You have bookmarks that aren't synced to your YouVersion.com account. If you sign out, those bookmarks will be lost." Yes Yesterday You are not signed in. You have completed this plan! Way to go! "You don't have any notes yet!" "You don't have any private notes yet!" "You don't have any public notes yet!" You liked this note. You no longer like this note. Your plan ends: Your plan started: "You're on day:" Are you sure you want to cancel the download? Cancel Download Cancel %1$s Cancel All Nevermind %1$s download canceled. All downloads canceled. Bible Verse of the Day (small) Bible Verse of the Day (large) Select a Version This verse does not exist in the %1$s. Highlight Color Saving highlight failed. Show Highlights Hide Highlights Add Bookmark Title (optional) Labels (optional) Separate each label with a comma. Example: Jesus, last supper, disciples Copied to clipboard. Update available Offline update is available. Network error fetching highlights. Network error fetching audio info. %1$s - an update is available Jump to day… Jump to Day Please enter a day number between 1 and %1$s. Thanks "Thanks for using the Bible App!

We appreciate any ratings and feedback. Please take a minute and let us know what you think!" Rate Bible Remind me later No thanks Set YouVersion Server summary Clear Local Cache Clear all local offline caches Reset Hints Reset the hints that only show once, so that they will show again. Highlight Calendar Hide these notes The currently selected version is not available when offline. Please select an offline version. No connection. Showing downloaded only. Edit Text YouVersion Live YouVersion Live gives you a way to interact with church services and other live events. You can follow along with message outlines and take notes, read related Bible verses, vote on a poll and see the results live, ask questions anonymously, give, request prayer, and take it all home with you. Search for a Live Event How to Create a Live Event The Bible App is a free mobile Bible based on the online Bible at  YouVersion.com . Available in many translations and languages, the app offers reading plans, notes, social sharing, and more. Legal version %1$s Connect YouVersion does not store your Twitter password. Authorize Twitter Authorize without sharing password. Authorizing… An internet connection is required the first time the Bible App is opened. Close App You just completed DAY %1$s Day of Add Note "Please don't show this again." Day Complete! I just finished day %1$s of the @YouVersion Plan %2$s. Check it out here: "I'm reading the @YouVersion Plan %1$s. Check it out here:" Day Complete Dialog "Are you sure you don't want to show the day complete dialog again?

You can change this in settings later." Reading Plan Settings Change your reading plan preferences. Show day complete dialog. "Don't show day complete dialog." No connection. Showing offline only. Hide Audio Controls During Playback Audio controls will hide after delay Audio controls will remain until you close them Submit Crash Reports "It looks like the Bible App recently crashed. Would you like to help improve the Bible App by submitting reports of your recent crashes?

If you would like to view the contents of the report, you can add yourself as a CC." Improve the Bible App You will be prompted to submit helpful data periodically. You will never be prompted to submit helpful data. Show Today at launch Not Now Never Offline %1$s Notice Your offline download of %1$s was incomplete, but we were able to recover it. "Your offline download of %1$s was incomplete, and we were not able to recover it.

Would you like to try downloading it again now?" "Your offline download of %1$s was incomplete, and we were not able to recover it.

It is not currently available for download. We apologize for any inconvenience." Download Now Maybe Later Exit Full Screen Full Screen Reminder Even 5 minutes with the Bible can make a huge difference in your day. Want to try it now? Labels "You haven't added any labels to your bookmarks yet." Bookmarks labeled  %1$s Edit Bookmark You have no bookmarks with this label. Old Testament New Testament Apocrypha Relevance You are already signed in. You must be signed in to connect with %1$s. Do you want to sign in? A %1$s account has already been connected. Send mail… Account Benefits Add public or private notes related to a verse or a group of verses. Choose a plan and track your progress. Choose a Plan Offline Reading Download Bible versions for offline reading. Highlights Sync Mark Bible verses with different colors and sync them online. Bookmarks Sync Sync your bookmarks online. Sharing Post meaningful verses to Twitter and Facebook. "Welcome! Make the Bible part of your everyday life. Start a plan, read, listen, and share God's Word with your friends." Sign in to Youversion Create a Free Account Not Now, Start Reading Remind me to read each day. Plan Reminder Remind me at %1$s "Don't forget to read " %1$s  today. Read Add Reminder Do you want to be reminded to read each day for this plan? Add Day Complete Reminders Ask me if I want to set a reminder when I complete a day. "Don't ask me if I want to set a reminder when I complete a day." The message is too long for Twitter and will be truncated. The message is too long for Path and will be truncated. The message is too long for Facebook and will be truncated. The message is too long for Twitter and Facebook and will be truncated. Enter your email Success My Activity User Since: %1$s No recent activity yet. View your profile and recent activity. Profile Likes Badges Followers Following "%1$s's Profile" "%1$s's Likes" "%1$s's Badges" "%1$s's Followers" "%1$s's Following" "%1$s's Notes" %1$s %2$s Earned a badge Bookmarked Liked Added a new note Followed Completed a reading plan Subscribed to a reading plan %1$s earned a badge %1$s bookmarked %1$s liked %1$s added a new note %1$s followed %1$s completed a reading plan %1$s subscribed to a reading plan "%1$s's Recent Activity" Recent Activity You have no recent activity. %1$s has no recent activity. You have not liked any community notes yet. %1$s has not liked any community notes yet. You have not earned any badges yet. %1$s has not earned any badges yet. %1$s has not created any public notes yet. General Language Select the language the app is in. Nobody is following you yet. Nobody is following %1$s yet. "You aren't following anyone yet." "%1$s isn't following anyone yet." Edit Picture First Name Last Name Location Website URL Bio Country Timezone Edit Profile Preview Confirm Password Change Change Password Tap here to change your password. Empty password Error password Notifications Badges "Notify me about badges I've earned." Followers Notify me when someone follows me. YouVersion Announcements Keep me updated on YouVersion announcements. Contributions "Notify me when someone likes content I've created." Reading Plans "Contact me with information about reading plans I've started." Follow Unfollow Gallery Camera Choose Country Choose Timezone Unspecified The information in your profile is publicly viewable, so keep that in mind when sharing information about yourself. Privacy Policy My Profile Picture "%1$s's Profile Picture" Privacy "When people view your profile, would you like them to be able to see that you're subscribed to this reading plan?" Your plan is private. Make Public Your plan is public. Make Private Email Delivery Would you like to receive this reading plan in a daily email? Email delivery will use the timezone set in your profile. Change Delivery %1$s at %2$s Choose a version and delivery time below. Stop Delivery Push Notifications Push notifications are enabled. Push notifications are disabled. About This Plan Email delivery was successfully updated. Play Sound Vibrate "Don't Show Day Complete Dialog" Sign in to add a note. Sign in to highlight. Sign in to add bookmark. Please be sure you are connected to the Internet to view reading plans. Sans-serif Serif Monospace "Are you sure you would like to change the Bible App's language to %1$s?" "What's New?" Quiet Time %1$s - %2$s Disabled Start Time End Time You completed the plan Started Completed Browse Plans Your note failed to save. Retry? A connection could not be established with the server. Some functionality will not be available until connection is established. Sorry, the Bible App is unable to communicate with the server and you have no offline versions. Please check your data connection and try again. All Bookmarks All Plans Search Plans Advanced Community Notes Create New Note MMMM d, yyyy MMMM MMM. yyyy MMMM d EEEE Device Edit Note Email Keep me updated on YouVersion Announcements "Notify me about Badges I've earned" Email me when someone follows me Email me when someone likes my note "Notify me about information for Plans I've started" Ends Facebook Label:  %1$s Categories Bookmark Copy Edit Like New Note Notes Save Note Settings Share Highlight All Notes My Bookmarks Private Notes Public Notes No bookmarks saved. To save a bookmark, select one or more verses in the reader. Status: Reference: Title: Picture Bible Reading Show the Day Complete dialog Font Manage Offline Versions Plans Ask me if I want to set a reminder when I complete a day Show study and translation notes Show red letters when available Theme Update All Email Reference: Related Note selected Select Picture Day Done Night On Off Contrast Text Settings Text Size Typeface View Settings Red Letters (When Available) Social Connections Sample Browse Plans Day Month Settings My Notes Dark Light Twitter Location: User Since: %1$s Versions View All Bookmarks View By Label View Profile View Related Notes Audio Show: Reminder Subcategories My Plans Completed Plans Why sign up? Choose a plan and stay on track Add public or private notes related to verses Save and sync verses online Mark your favorite verses Share Screen Share Verse of the Day Read Last bookmark Start All Settings Red Letters When available Other Save Bookmark Aa "Like what you see here? Share the Bible App with a friend! Tap below and we'll send a short, one-time message inviting your friend to try out the Bible App." Twitter and Facebook Email to a Friend Get the Bible on your smartphone! "Check out this free Bible App! It's loaded with cool features and powered by YouVersion.com, a site that allows you to associate web media (like videos, photos, links, and text) to any verse or passage. No ads, no cost. You can download the Bible app here for free: http://youversion.com/download" Sort Order An account is already registered with that email address. The username you supplied is not available. The username should be letters, numbers, or dashes. Your password must be at least 6 characters. You must agree with the Terms of Use to register. Account Connect with friends Bible reading Font Size Do not disturb Email Notifications Sign In or Sign Up Email me… When someone likes my note When someone follows me About YouVersion announcements When I earn a badge "About plans I've started" Set Starts Size Volunteer Offline Version Download The publisher may contact me at %1$s. Copyright %1$s You may download this version for offline access. For best results, we recommend a 3G connection or better. The publisher requests your email address to access this version offline. Public Domain This download may take a few minutes depending on your connection speed. Back to Versions Cancel Download Downloading %1$s… Download complete You can now read this version anytime, whenever you have a data connection or not. From the list of bible versions, look for this icon next to it: Terms of Service Terms of Use Show Hide You must agree with the Privacy Policy to register. You must agree with the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy to sign up. The latest update to the Bible App requires that you convert your offline Bible versions so you can continue reading them offline. Converting versions takes a few minutes and uses your data plan. Convert Bible Versions Converting versions takes a few minutes and uses your data plan. %1$s brought to you by %2$s My Related Notes Show all Learn More Create New Account %1$s is required Recently Used Languages All Languages Online versions are unavailable. Switching to your offline version %@. "This plan is designed for the %@ version, so we've switched you to it." Convert All Convert Now Convert The email address is invalid. The email address you supplied is invalid. An account is already registered with that email address. There is no account with that email address. This account has already been verified. Your password must be at least 6 characters. The username should be letters, numbers, or dashes. The username you supplied is not available. The username or password you supplied is invalid. No reading plan content for today. Feel free to read another passage of your choice. Share Verse Play Pause Conversion Complete Conversion Failed Converting %1$s… Are you sure you want to cancel the conversion? Cancel Conversion All conversions canceled. %1$s conversion canceled. Read Now One or more of your offline Bible versions have required updates available. Update (%1$d) Later Update Complete Update Failed Updating %1$s… Are you sure you want to cancel the update? Cancel Update All updates canceled. %1$s update canceled. You have already responded to this poll. This account has not been verified. Related Scripture "I watched the '%1$s' video on @YouVersion! Check it out here:" "We're sorry. No video content is available in English at this time." Does your email address look right? Import from Facebook Share the Bible App To enable this feature, add Facebook connection in settings 100 MILLION IT STARTS WITH INSTALLS  &  COUNTING SECONDS MINUTES HOURS DAYS Copy Link SMS Select Followers Select Friends %1$s selected Preview Message "Don't forget to select someone to share with." Public tweet Compose Public Tweet We were unable to get your list of followers. Please try again later. Connected Facebook account Connected Twitter account Connected Path account Post to Timeline Private Messages Advanced Options Section Bible is not authorized to send private messages on your behalf. Connecting to Facebook failed. %1$s Contacts Also Bookmark Related Notes Add New Note From: To: "Because of you, God's Word is reaching millions around the world. Thank you!" Because of you, the Bible App reached 100 million installs by our 5th anniversary on July 10. Thank you! Can the Bible App reach 100 million installs before our 5th anniversary on July 10th? Only with your help! "Let's keep going." No contacts with phone numbers were found No contacts with email addresses were found Search Help Topics Your Public Information Your Private Information Path Options deselected Simplify your registration by signing up with Facebook. Tip: Double-tap for full-screen mode. Tip: Touch the reference to view a list of books and chapters of the Bible. To download a version for offline reading, tap the green button. Share verses with your friends on Facebook and Twitter. Filter Book ... Bible Extension Settings Remove Highlight Show Tooltips %1$s Versions in %2$s Languages 1 2 3 ot nt ap 